===== PPSS Item Log File =====
Host:		opsl00
Process:	11152
Item:		1 unkicked.matasc modified.mat
Start date:	Mar 20 11:59:54

grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory
grep: unkicked.matasc: No such file or directory
grep: modified.mat: No such file or directory

Status:		SUCCESS
Total processing time (hh:mm:ss): 00:00:27

